#AndroidDevChallenge

Idea:
Have you ever thought that the vegetables & fruits we are purchasing from the market are worth to pay? or the farmers who sell their products to wholesalers or retailers are getting enough money for their efforts they have taken? 
Well, there are so many apps in the market that helps the customer to get fresh fruits & vegetables right from the farm. But it takes time to reach to the customer. customers are pre-ordering the products they want. 
The Farmers grow their crops in huge amount, but sometimes due to some weather conditions or may be any other reason they need to sell their products before they get spoiled, at the rate which is currently running. 
The rates of vegetables in the cities are much higher than that of villages. In city, we are paying high for fresh vegetables & fruits whereas in the village farmers are selling their products in half of the price compare to prices in cities. Vegetables should be used as early as possible after purchasing, otherwise we will have to throw them in the trash as they get spoiled. Exactly same happens with the farmers, that they need to sell their products right after picking from the farm. If we can do something like they could sell their products anytime and anywhere, it will be beneficial for them as well as for peoples living in the city.
The concept of bringing this idea to life is that we can give benefit to both i.e. the farmers & the people living in the cities. People in the cities are paying high for fresh vegetables to live a healthy life. The problem can be solved by connecting the farmers directly to the cities.  
Moreover, due to lack of money, the farmers are not able to earn enough money for their families. They are not able to give proper education for their childrens. Whereas, people in the cities spending much more money on vegetables & fruits. This idea could make people save money for the things they are paying extra. As we are living in a society, we should help each other. 



Plan:
List of ways to use google-
Google Pay
Gmail
Google Maps
Google Search
Google Drive
Google Translate
Google Cloud

Timeline for each phase:
Planning -> 16th - 20th Dec,2019
Analysis -> 17th - 31st Dec,2019 
Requirement gathering -> 1st — 15th Jan,2020
Design -> 16th -31st Jan,2020
Development- 1st — 31st Mar,2020
Testing -> 1st — 29th Apr,2020


